light very refreshing like you know I
like it
audience labor than its 4.5% it's the
light one
when in Mexico enjoying a beer co-hosted
by my lovely wife Melissa and after this
we go back to Playa del Carmen Resort
and resume with the drinking have some
brandy tonight we will off this entire
what is this place what this is like
African no beach it's a pushcart yeah
it's like Busch Gardens
if you want to comparison so think of
the Mexican version of Busch saw
manatees stingrays had dinner right on
the Caribbean sorry I had lunch right on
the Caribbean Sea
yeah so some of the breeding areas for
what are the birds the not toucans and
what are the big parents
and lots of those yeah one time the red
ones yeah I hold on what their call to
it's correct it's worth it yeah it's
really nice really nice well on Mexico
stop by correct it's really a big place
and you can also we didn't partake but
you can also swim you can snorkel
basically with with the manatees and the
stingrays and sharks if you want we're
not big water sports people so we got
through a little faster but you'd
probably need a couple days here and you
can get your second day for a Half Price
not too shabby definitely definitely
we're stopping by
if you're in Playa del Carmen Mexico
alrighty
sign off now rob maximum Rd and this is
maximum a'right they're 26 celcius about
79 Fahrenheit coming from the Royal
playa resort here in
quint annaroo Mexico we're just a little
bit about past the halfway mark of our
vacation we had a couple nice excursions
checked out some places including ich
curette which is like a Mexican Busch
Gardens type of place and that was
really awesome and there I also did a
beer review actually my wife did the
beer review I was born of a co-host on
that one so if you haven't seen that
already make sure to check check that
one out I'll put a link to that one in
this description and here we are looking
at the balcony the ocean view from the
Royal Playa resorts as you can see lots
of activity poolside and not
surprisingly at the poolside bar so we
can zoom in a bit right there
very nice could not ask for better wet
weather we've been blessed since we came
here
21 date was rainy and cloudy but it's
been pretty much like this the rest of
the time all right so let's get on with
another beer reviews straight out of
Mexico and check this out I'm just going
to prop this up for your convenience
they're with
all right so today we're checking out
superior survey sense here we are I've
done some survey severes for in the past
and not sure if I did like I did this
one already don't really care I'm doing
it again if I did because this one's
being done in that sentence it gives it
more of a authentic quality all right so
that is a 4.5% very light smooth tasting
good stuff let's pop this sucker open
but scoop out I'm about me with there a
wireless connection
there
this color
right
not very good
but it's better than cry
what would I compare
not sure actually it's a very light beer
smooth no aftertaste
a typical basic beer that you would have
here in Mexico
definitely recommended and that is the
second soak already in here from Mexico
and I'm going to go back to haven't put
any more beers and feathered a variety
of alcoholic beverages alright bye Rob
maximum Rd out for now have fun and up
to later thanks for watching